docs: add task def override (#2763)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/developing/overrides.en.md

> # Overrides

Reviewer: Can we rename the file and this header to `Task Definition Overrides`? 🙏

> If there are fields that are not configurable in the [manifest](../manifest/overview.en.md), users can bypass some of them by applying override rules to the CloudFormation template Copilot generates out of the manifest.

Reviewer 2: We can probably mention that right now only task definition override is supported. Otherwise the user would need to infer this knowledge from the fact that there is only `taskdef_overrides` field in manifest.

Reviewer: Agreed I think we should be specific to only task def overrides in this doc. Eventually we can create more pages if we have other types of overrides.

Author: Thought about that too. Problem is that once we add more sections I don't want to add them accordingly. Maybe it's ok for them to figure out what's available? I'm not sure doc writing is so hard

Author: > Agreed I think we should be specific to only task def overrides in this doc. Eventually we can create more pages if we have other types of overrides.

But then they'll share the same overriding pattern. should we concentrate them into one `override` page?

Author: ok discussed offline we'll start from very specific page then in future we might move them together.

## How to specify override rules?
For each override rule, users need to construct the **path** and **value** of the CloudFormation resource field they want to override.

``` yaml

> <override section>:

Reviewer 2: If we only have `taskdef_overrides` and don't have specific plan in expanding this to other resources right now, I think we can just say `taskdef_overrides` instead of `<override section>`

Author: But then wouldn't they assume override = taskdef_override now and in future?

>   - path: <CFN field path>

Reviewer 2: We can probably add some description of what exactly is a CFN field path, accompanied by some examples. Otherwise the user would still need to infer this from the "Task Definition Override" example below. 

For example, how deep a path need to be (e.g. can I just write ContainerDefinitions[0]: blahblah? -- which I know we can't), how to write a path that contains list parts? etc.

Author: > Otherwise the user would still need to infer this from the "Task Definition Override" example below.

Hmm this is exactly why we have `example` section right 🤔  I was referring to CDK https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/cfn_layer.html#cfn_layer_raw and for those who want to use this feature it might be safe for us to assume they have some CFN background.

    value: <value>
```

## Override Behaviors

> - Copilot recursively creates `map` fields if they don't exist in the **path**. For example: if `B` and `C` don't exist, `A.B.C` will create `B` and `C`

Reviewer 2: Can it be "Copilot recursively creates fields....", removing the word `map`? I'm not sure if this is a universal terminology used across CloudFormation templates.

Author: that's a good idea!

> 

Reviewer 2: Also, maybe we can include a general description first, something like "When interpreting the override rule, Copilot insert or update (upsert) the fields along the path."

And then discuss the "insert" case: Copilot recursively creates fields if they don't exist...

> - Use `-` as index to append a new member to a `list` field. The field will be initiated with this new member if it doesn't exist

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use `-` as index to append a new member to the end of a `list` field.
```

I'm also not sure what does "The field will be initiated with this new member if it doesn't exist" mean 🤔

> - **value** must be scalar value like `bool`, `string`, or `int`, and the new value replaces the old value if exists

Reviewer 3: nit: 
```suggestion
- **value** must be a scalar value like `bool`, `string`, or `int`, and the new value replaces an existing value
```

> - **value** must be scalar value like `bool`, `string`, or `int`, and the new value replaces the old value if exists

Reviewer 2: If `bool`, `string` and `int` are the only acceptable scalar value, we should say so: "**value** must be scalar value: `bool`, `string`, or `int`"

Reviewer: Is it strictly scalars, will this blow up? 
```
- path: ContainerDefinitions[0].Ulimits[-]
   value: 
      Name: "cpu"
      SoftLimit: 1024
      HardLimit: 2048
```

Author: hmm actually this will not blow up

## Examples

### Task Definition Override
!!! Attention
    Users are not allowed to modify the following fields in the task definition.

>     * Family

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * [Family](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-ecs-taskdefinition.html#cfn-ecs-taskdefinition-family)
```

>     * ContainerDefinitions[<index>].Name (name of any existing container)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * [ContainerDefinitions[<index>].Name](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-ecs-taskdefinition-containerdefinitions.html#cfn-ecs-taskdefinition-containerdefinition-name)
```

I wonder if instead of "(name of any existing container)", we should just say they can't change the name of any container definitions created by Copilot.

Below is an example of adding [`Ulimits`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-ecs-taskdefinition-containerdefinitions-ulimit.html) to the main container.

``` yaml
taskdef_overrides:
  - path: "ContainerDefinitions[0].Ulimits[-].Name"
    value: "cpu"
  - path: "ContainerDefinitions[0].Ulimits[0].SoftLimit"
    value: 1024
  - path: "ContainerDefinitions[0].Ulimits[0].HardLimit"
    value: 2048
```

> Below is exposing an extra UDP port for the main container.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Below is an example of exposing an extra UDP port for the main container.
```

``` yaml
taskdef_overrides:
  - path: "ContainerDefinitions[0].PortMappings[-].ContainerPort"
    value: 2056

>   - path: "ContainerDefinitions[0].PortMappings[1].Protocol"

Reviewer 2: We should explain how `PortMappins[1]` is the port mappings added by `PortMappins[-]` and how the order of the rules matters.
